---
title: Terms of Use
permalink: /terms-of-use/
description: Terms of Use
image: /images/preview-card.png
---
### **General**

Access to this Website is granted by the Civil Aviation Authority of Singapore ("CAAS"). By accessing and using this CAAS Website, you signify that you have read and you agree to all of these conditions and notices (the "Terms of Use") without modification. If you do not agree with any of these conditions, please discontinue access immediately.

### **Ownership**

This CAAS Website is owned and operated by CAAS. Access to and use of this CAAS Website and the information and services available are subject to the following conditions.  
  
All text, graphics, user interfaces, visual interfaces, photographs, trade marks, logos, sounds, music, artwork and computer code (collectively, “Content”) including the design, structure, sequence, organisation, selection, coordination, expression, “look and feel” and arrangement of such Content contained in this CAAS Website, other than User Content (as defined below), is owned, controlled or licensed by CAAS, and is protected by trade marks, copyright, patent and all other relevant laws. CAAS reserves and retains all its rights in the Content.  

Content posted or generated by users of this CAAS Website is “User Content”. CAAS does not assert ownership of User Content.

This CAAS Website contains links to websites also operated by CAAS. Your use of each CAAS Website is also subject to Conditions of Access, if any, contained therein. If any of the conditions here with the conditions contained in any of these other website operated by CAAS, then the conditions in these other websites operated by CAAS shall prevail when you access/use them.

### **Restrictions on Access and Use**

You shall not modify, reformat, copy, reproduce, display, distribute, publish, transmit, post, upload, licence, create derivative works from, hyperlink, store in any information retrieval system, transfer in any manner, or sell any of the material on this website without CAAS' written permission. This means, among other things, that you must not insert a hyperlink to this CAAS Website on any other website or "mirror" on your own Website, the home page or other pages of or materials in this or any CAAS Website or their respective links.

You may not use any “deep-link”, “page scrape”, “robot”, “spider” or other automatic device, program, algorithm or other methods or processes, to access, acquire, copy or monitor any portion of this CAAS Website, or in any way alter, reproduce or circumvent or attempt to alter, reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of this CAAS Website or its Contents, or to obtain or attempt to obtain any materials, document or information not intentionally made available by CAAS through this CAAS Website.

You may download one copy of the material on this CAAS Website, but only on a single computer, and only for your own personal and non-commercial use, and provided that it bears the relevant copyright, trademark and/or other proprietary notices located on this CAAS Website.

You shall not use this CAAS Website or its links for any purpose that is illegal, unlawful or prohibited by these Terms of Use.

You shall not do anything which could interfere with this site’s accessibility and/or proper functioning, or that could place an unreasonable amount of load on CAAS’ servers.

CAAS reserves the right to deny to anyone at any time access to this or any other CAAS Website without notice or need to assign any reason whatsoever.   
  
#### Registration Data

Some features of this CAAS Website may require you to register and set up an account (including setting up a user ID and password), and/or supply your personal data. All information you provide to register and open an account is “Registration Data”. Registration Data includes information such as user ID, password, authentication information, and any other personal data supplied. You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and accuracy of Registration Data, and for any and all activity that occurs under your account as a result of your failing to keep your Registration Data secure and confidential. You represent that all Registration Data provided by you is complete, accurate and up-to-date. If any of your Registration Data changes, you must immediately update it. CAAS may, if it suspects that any of the Registration Data provided is untrue, inaccurate, incomplete or outdated, suspend or terminate your access and use of this CAAS Website, including any services provided under this CAAS Website, and refuse you any and all current or future use of this CAAS Website and its services. CAAS may, in its sole discretion, refuse to grant you a user ID that impersonates someone else, is protected by trademark or other proprietary right law, or is offensive.

You may not use the account of another person without that person’s express written consent.

If you have reason to believe that your account is no longer secure (e.g., loss, theft or unauthorized disclosure or use of your Registration Data or computer or mobile device used to access the Service), you must promptly change the affected Registration Data and notify us via the CAAS [Feedback and Enquiry page](https://enquiry.caas.gov.sg/caas/apps/Feedback.aspx?CATEGORY_ID=cdbb76c0-c3a5-45e6-b9f2-a6782fe5dfee).

Your Registration Data is subject to our Privacy Statement, which may be found [here.](/privacy)  

#### Disclaimer of Representations and Warranties

THE CONTENT (INCLUDING THIRD PARTY INFORMATION, PRODUCTS AND/OR SERVICES) OF OR ACCESSIBLE THROUGH THIS CAAS WEBSITE AND ALL OTHER CAAS WEBSITES ARE PROVIDED:

1.  "AS IS", "AS AVAILABLE" AND ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE AT ANY TIME WITHOUT NOTICE TO YOU; AND
2.  WITHOUT REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED.

TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE, CAAS DISCLAIMS ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO NON-INFRINGEMENT OF PROPRIETARY RIGHTS, TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

IN PARTICULAR, NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY IS GIVEN THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THIS CAAS WEBSITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED OR THAT THIS CAAS WEBSITE OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES IT AVAILABLE IS FREE OF VIRUS OR OTHER HARMFUL ELEMENTS. NO WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION IS GIVEN REGARDING THE CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, COMPLETENESS, TIMELINESS, PERFORMACE OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR OTHERWISE OF THE CONTENT OF THIS CAAS WEBSITE AND CAAS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS LIABILITY FOR ERRORS OR OMISSIONS, WHETHER OF A TYPOGRAPHICAL NATURE OF OTHERWISE.

#### Exclusion of Liability

IN NO EVENT SHALL CAAS OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES OR SUBSIDIARIES BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, OR DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF USE, PROFITS, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLES, OR THE COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE USE, INABILITY TO USE, UNAUTHORISED USE, PERFORMANCE OR NON-PERFORMANCE OF OR RELIANCE UPON THIS OR ANY OTHER CAAS WEBSITE EVEN IF CAAS HAS BEEN ADVISED PREVIOUSLY OF THE POSSISBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND WHETHER OR NOT SUCH DAMAGES ARISE IN CONTRACT, TORT, UNDER STATUTE, IN EQUITY OR AT LAW.

#### Links to Third Party Web Sites

The Websites to which this or any other CAAS Website is linked may be developed and/or operated by parties other than CAAS.

CAAS does not control such Website and is not responsible for their contents. CAAS' inclusion of links to these Websites does not in itself constitute or imply any endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation of the material on such Websites or any association with their owner and/or operators (unless expressly stated otherwise).

Any third party who wishes to establish links to this or any other CAAS Website should notify CAAS of its intention in writing prior to doing so. CAAS reserves the right to deny permission for any such link without need to assign any reason. If permission is given, CAAS is not under any obligation to establish reciprocal links.

#### Feedback

All feedback given to CAAS including questions, comments, suggestions or the like regarding or in response to the content of this or any other CAAS Website shall be deemed to be non-confidential. CAAS shall be free to use, for any purpose, any ideas, concepts, techniques or know-how contained in such feedback. CAAS shall not be subject to any obligation with respect to such feedback and shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose and distribute to others without limitation.

#### No Licence Granted

Nothing on or your use of this or any other CAAS Website shall be construed as conferring any licence or other rights under the intellectual property or proprietary rights of CAAS, its affiliates or subsidiaries, whether by estoppel, implication or otherwise.

#### Alteration of Terms of Use

CAAS reserves the right to revise these Conditions of Access at any time without notice and you hereby agree to be bound by such change.

#### Entire Agreement

These Conditions of Access constitute the entire agreement between you and CAAS and you agree that any and all prior and contemporaneous agreement relating to your access and use of this or any other CAAS Website are superseded.

#### Severance of Terms

If any provision of these Conditions of Access is determined to be invalid or unenforceable, then such invalidity or unenforceability shall not have any effect on any other provision of these Conditions of Access, all of which shall remain valid and enforceable.

#### Governing Law and Jurisdiction

These Conditions of Access are governed by and shall be interpreted in accordance with the laws of the Republic of Singapore, including but not limited to the Evidence Act (Cap. 97) and the Electronic Transactions Act (No. 25 of 1998), regardless of any other choice of law provisions.

You hereby irrevocably submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Republic of Singapore regarding any and all disputes relating to these Conditions of Access and/or use of this or any other CAAS Website.

At CAAS' option, any dispute or difference arising out of or in connection with these Conditions of Access, this CAAS Website or any other website operated by CAAS, shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration in Singapore, in the English language and in accordance with the Arbitration Rules of the Singapore International Arbitration Centre, for the time being in force which rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference to this clause.

In the event that the laws of the jurisdiction you are in do not permit or impose restrictions on the access to the contents of this CAAS Website, you shall immediately discontinue access or comply with such restrictions (as the case may be).